docs/integrations/destinations/kvdb.md, before:

# KVDB

The KVDB destination for Airbyte

## Prerequisites

None.

## Setup guide

TODO

## Supported sync modes

TODO

## Supported streams

TODO

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                              | Subject                                                                    |
|:--------| :--------- | :-------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 0.1.11  | 2024-08-22 | [44530](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44530) | Update test dependencies                                     |
| 0.1.10  | 2024-07-09 | [41285](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41285) | Update dependencies |
| 0.1.9   | 2024-07-06 | [40796](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40796) | Update dependencies |
| 0.1.8   | 2024-06-25 | [40409](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40409) | Update dependencies |
| 0.1.7   | 2024-06-22 | [40016](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40016) | Update dependencies |
| 0.1.6   | 2024-06-06 | [39236](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39236) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 0.1.5   | 2024-06-03 | [38894](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38894) | Replace AirbyteLogger with logging.Logger |
| 0.1.4   | 2024-03-05 | [#35838](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35838) | Un-archive connector                                                       |
| 0.1.3   | 2024-02-19 | [xxx](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/xxx)      | bump connector version to publish, convert to base docker image and poetry |
| 0.1.2   | 2024-02-19 | [35422](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35422)  | bump connector version to publish                                          |
| 0.1.1   | 2024-02-16 | [35370](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35370)  | bump connector version to publish                                          |
| 0.1.0   | 2021-07-19 | [4786](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/4786)    | Python Demo Destination: KVDB                                              |

</details>

Commit message:

Upgrade the base image to the latest version in metadata.yaml Update versions of libraries in poetry. PATCH bump destination-kvdb version to 0.1.12 Create or update pull request on Airbyte repository Add changelog entry

docs/integrations/destinations/kvdb.md, after:

# KVDB

The KVDB destination for Airbyte

## Prerequisites

None.

## Setup guide

TODO

## Supported sync modes

TODO

## Supported streams

TODO

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                              | Subject                                                                    |
|:--------| :--------- | :-------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 0.1.12 | 2024-12-14 | [43745](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43745) | Starting with this version, the Docker image is now rootless. Please note that this and future versions will not be compatible with Airbyte versions earlier than 0.64 |
| 0.1.11 | 2024-08-22 | [44530](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44530) | Update test dependencies |
| 0.1.10 | 2024-07-09 | [41285](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41285) | Update dependencies |
| 0.1.9 | 2024-07-06 | [40796](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40796) | Update dependencies |
| 0.1.8 | 2024-06-25 | [40409](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40409) | Update dependencies |
| 0.1.7 | 2024-06-22 | [40016](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40016) | Update dependencies |
| 0.1.6 | 2024-06-06 | [39236](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39236) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 0.1.5 | 2024-06-03 | [38894](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38894) | Replace AirbyteLogger with logging.Logger |
| 0.1.4   | 2024-03-05 | [#35838](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35838) | Un-archive connector                                                       |
| 0.1.3   | 2024-02-19 | [xxx](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/xxx)      | bump connector version to publish, convert to base docker image and poetry |
| 0.1.2   | 2024-02-19 | [35422](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35422)  | bump connector version to publish                                          |
| 0.1.1   | 2024-02-16 | [35370](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35370)  | bump connector version to publish                                          |
| 0.1.0   | 2021-07-19 | [4786](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/4786)    | Python Demo Destination: KVDB                                              |

</details>
