docs/integrations/sources/firebolt.md, before:

# Firebolt

## Overview

The Firebolt source allows you to sync your data from [Firebolt](https://www.firebolt.io/). Only Full refresh is supported at the moment.

The connector is built on top of a pure Python [firebolt-sdk](https://pypi.org/project/firebolt-sdk/) and does not require additonal dependencies.

#### Resulting schema

The Firebolt source does not alter schema present in your database. Depending on the destination connected to this source, however, the result schema may be altered. See the destination's documentation for more details.

#### Features

| Feature                   | Supported?\(Yes/No\) | Notes |
| :------------------------ | :------------------- | :---- |
| Full Refresh Sync         | Yes                  |       |
| Incremental - Append Sync | No                   |       |

## Getting started

### Requirements

1. An existing AWS account

### Setup guide

1. Sign up to Firebolt following the [guide](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/managing-your-organization/creating-an-organization.html)

1. Follow the getting started [tutorial](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/getting-started.html) to setup a database.

1. Create a [service account](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/managing-your-organization/service-accounts.html).

1. [Load data](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/loading-data/loading-data.html).

#### You should now have the following

1. An existing Firebolt account
1. Connection parameters handy
   1. Service account id
   1. Service account password
   1. [Account name](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/managing-your-organization/managing-accounts.html)
   1. Host (Optional)
   1. Engine (Optional)
1. A running engine (if an engine is stopped or booting up you won't be able to connect to it)
1. Your data in either [Fact or Dimension](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Overview/working-with-tables/working-with-tables.html#fact-and-dimension-tables) tables.

You can now use the Airbyte Firebolt source.

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                      |
| :------ | :--------- | :------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| 2.0.24 | 2024-11-04 | [48154](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/48154) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.23 | 2024-10-28 | [47109](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/47109) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.22 | 2024-10-12 | [46826](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46826) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.21 | 2024-10-05 | [46471](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46471) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.20 | 2024-09-28 | [46210](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46210) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.19 | 2024-09-21 | [45765](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45765) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.18 | 2024-09-14 | [45572](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45572) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.17 | 2024-09-07 | [45211](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45211) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.16 | 2024-08-31 | [45030](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45030) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.15 | 2024-08-24 | [44715](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44715) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.14 | 2024-08-17 | [44212](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44212) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.13 | 2024-08-12 | [43774](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43774) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.12 | 2024-08-10 | [43535](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43535) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.11 | 2024-08-03 | [43268](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43268) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.10 | 2024-07-20 | [42159](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42159) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.9 | 2024-07-13 | [41744](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41744) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.8 | 2024-07-10 | [41575](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41575) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.7 | 2024-07-09 | [41151](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41151) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.6 | 2024-07-06 | [40979](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40979) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.5 | 2024-06-25 | [40438](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40438) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.4 | 2024-06-22 | [40199](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40199) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.3 | 2024-06-06 | [39183](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39183) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 2.0.2 | 2024-06-03 | [38892](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38892) | Replace AirbyteLogger with logging.Logger |
| 2.0.1 | 2024-06-03 | [38892](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38892) | Replace AirbyteLogger with logging.Logger |
| 2.0.0 | 2024-06-01 | [36349](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36349) | Service account authentication support |
| 1.0.0 | 2023-07-20 | [21842](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21842) | PGDate, TimestampTZ, TimestampNTZ and Boolean column support |
| 0.2.1 | 2022-05-10 | [25965](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/25965) | Fix DATETIME conversion to Airbyte date-time type |
| 0.2.0 | 2022-09-09 | [16583](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/16583) | Reading from views |
| 0.1.0 | 2022-04-28 | [13874](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/13874) | Create Firebolt source |

</details>

Commit message:

Upgrade the base image to the latest version in metadata.yaml Update versions of libraries in poetry. PATCH bump source-firebolt version to 2.0.25 Build source-firebolt docker image for platform(s) linux/amd64, linux/arm64 Get dependency updates Create or update pull request on Airbyte repository Add changelog entry

docs/integrations/sources/firebolt.md, after:

# Firebolt

## Overview

The Firebolt source allows you to sync your data from [Firebolt](https://www.firebolt.io/). Only Full refresh is supported at the moment.

The connector is built on top of a pure Python [firebolt-sdk](https://pypi.org/project/firebolt-sdk/) and does not require additonal dependencies.

#### Resulting schema

The Firebolt source does not alter schema present in your database. Depending on the destination connected to this source, however, the result schema may be altered. See the destination's documentation for more details.

#### Features

| Feature                   | Supported?\(Yes/No\) | Notes |
| :------------------------ | :------------------- | :---- |
| Full Refresh Sync         | Yes                  |       |
| Incremental - Append Sync | No                   |       |

## Getting started

### Requirements

1. An existing AWS account

### Setup guide

1. Sign up to Firebolt following the [guide](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/managing-your-organization/creating-an-organization.html)

1. Follow the getting started [tutorial](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/getting-started.html) to setup a database.

1. Create a [service account](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/managing-your-organization/service-accounts.html).

1. [Load data](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/loading-data/loading-data.html).

#### You should now have the following

1. An existing Firebolt account
1. Connection parameters handy
   1. Service account id
   1. Service account password
   1. [Account name](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Guides/managing-your-organization/managing-accounts.html)
   1. Host (Optional)
   1. Engine (Optional)
1. A running engine (if an engine is stopped or booting up you won't be able to connect to it)
1. Your data in either [Fact or Dimension](https://docs.firebolt.io/godocs/Overview/working-with-tables/working-with-tables.html#fact-and-dimension-tables) tables.

You can now use the Airbyte Firebolt source.

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                      |
| :------ | :--------- | :------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| 2.0.25 | 2024-12-14 | [48657](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/48657) | Starting with this version, the Docker image is now rootless. Please note that this and future versions will not be compatible with Airbyte versions earlier than 0.64 |
| 2.0.24 | 2024-11-04 | [48154](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/48154) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.23 | 2024-10-28 | [47109](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/47109) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.22 | 2024-10-12 | [46826](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46826) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.21 | 2024-10-05 | [46471](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46471) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.20 | 2024-09-28 | [46210](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46210) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.19 | 2024-09-21 | [45765](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45765) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.18 | 2024-09-14 | [45572](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45572) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.17 | 2024-09-07 | [45211](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45211) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.16 | 2024-08-31 | [45030](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45030) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.15 | 2024-08-24 | [44715](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44715) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.14 | 2024-08-17 | [44212](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44212) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.13 | 2024-08-12 | [43774](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43774) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.12 | 2024-08-10 | [43535](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43535) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.11 | 2024-08-03 | [43268](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43268) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.10 | 2024-07-20 | [42159](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42159) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.9 | 2024-07-13 | [41744](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41744) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.8 | 2024-07-10 | [41575](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41575) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.7 | 2024-07-09 | [41151](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41151) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.6 | 2024-07-06 | [40979](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40979) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.5 | 2024-06-25 | [40438](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40438) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.4 | 2024-06-22 | [40199](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40199) | Update dependencies |
| 2.0.3 | 2024-06-06 | [39183](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39183) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 2.0.2 | 2024-06-03 | [38892](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38892) | Replace AirbyteLogger with logging.Logger |
| 2.0.1 | 2024-06-03 | [38892](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38892) | Replace AirbyteLogger with logging.Logger |
| 2.0.0 | 2024-06-01 | [36349](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36349) | Service account authentication support |
| 1.0.0 | 2023-07-20 | [21842](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21842) | PGDate, TimestampTZ, TimestampNTZ and Boolean column support |
| 0.2.1 | 2022-05-10 | [25965](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/25965) | Fix DATETIME conversion to Airbyte date-time type |
| 0.2.0 | 2022-09-09 | [16583](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/16583) | Reading from views |
| 0.1.0 | 2022-04-28 | [13874](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/13874) | Create Firebolt source |

</details>
