docs/integrations/sources/freshdesk.md, before:

# Freshdesk

This page guides you through the process of setting up the Freshdesk source connector.

## Prerequisites

To set up the Freshdesk source connector, you'll need the Freshdesk [domain URL](https://support.freshdesk.com/en/support/solutions/articles/50000004704-customizing-your-helpdesk-url) and the [API key](https://support.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/215517).

## Set up the Freshdesk connector in Airbyte

1. [Log into your Airbyte Cloud](https://cloud.airbyte.com/workspaces) account or navigate to the Airbyte Open Source dashboard.
2. Click **Sources** and then click **+ New source**.
3. On the Set up the source page, select **Freshdesk** from the Source type dropdown.
4. Enter the name for the Freshdesk connector.
5. For **Domain**, enter your [Freshdesk domain URL](https://support.freshdesk.com/en/support/solutions/articles/50000004704-customizing-your-helpdesk-url).
6. For **API Key**, enter your [Freshdesk API key](https://support.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/215517).
7. For **Start Date**, enter the date in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format. The data added on and after this date will be replicated.
8. For **Requests per minute**, enter the number of requests per minute that this source allowed to use. The Freshdesk rate limit is 50 requests per minute per app per account.
9. For **Lookback Window**, you may specify a number of days back from the current stream state to re-read data for the **Satisfaction Ratings** stream. This helps capture updates made to existing ratings after their initial creation. However, keep in mind that records updated before (stream_state - lookback_window) won't be synced. To ensure no data loss, we recommend using a full refresh. The default lookback window is set to 14 days.
10. Click **Set up source**.

## Supported sync modes

- [Full Refresh - Overwrite](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/full-refresh-overwrite/)
- [Full Refresh - Append](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/full-refresh-append)
- [Incremental - Append](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append)
- [Incremental - Append + Deduped](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append-deduped)

## Supported Streams

Several output streams are available from this source:

- [Agents](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#agents)
- [Business Hours](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#business-hours)
- [Canned Responses](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#canned-responses)
- [Canned Response Folders](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#list_all_canned_response_folders)
- [Companies](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#companies)
- [Contacts](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#contacts) \(Native Incremental Sync\)
- [Conversations](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#conversations)
- [Discussion Categories](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#category_attributes)
- [Discussion Comments](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#comment_attributes)
- [Discussion Forums](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#forum_attributes)
- [Discussion Topics](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#topic_attributes)
- [Email Configs](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#email-configs)
- [Email Mailboxes](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#email-mailboxes)
- [Groups](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#groups)
- [Products](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#products)
- [Roles](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#roles)
- [Satisfaction Ratings](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#satisfaction-ratings)
- [Scenario Automations](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#scenario-automations)
- [Settings](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#settings)
- [Skills](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#skills)
- [SLA Policies](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#sla-policies)
- [Solution Articles](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#solution_article_attributes)
- [Solution Categories](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#solution_category_attributes)
- [Solution Folders](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#solution_folder_attributes)
- [Surveys](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#surveys)
- [Tickets](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#tickets) \(Native Incremental Sync\)
- [Ticket Fields](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#ticket-fields)
- [Time Entries](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#time-entries)

## Performance considerations

The Freshdesk connector should not run into Freshdesk API limitations under normal usage. [Create an issue](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues) if you encounter any rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.

If you don't use the start date Freshdesk will retrieve only the last 30 days. More information [here](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#list_all_tickets).

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                               |
| :------ | :--------- | :------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 3.1.1 | 2024-06-06 | [39231](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39231) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 3.1.0 | 2024-03-12 | [35699](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35699) | Migrate to low-code |
| 3.0.7 | 2024-02-12 | [35187](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35187) | Manage dependencies with Poetry. |
| 3.0.6 | 2024-01-10 | [34101](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/34101) | Base image migration: remove Dockerfile and use the python-connector-base image |
| 3.0.5 | 2023-11-30 | [33000](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/33000) | Base image migration: remove Dockerfile and use the python-connector-base image |
| 3.0.4 | 2023-06-24 | [27680](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/27680) | Fix formatting |
| 3.0.3 | 2023-06-02 | [26978](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/26978) | Skip the stream if subscription level had changed during sync |
| 3.0.2 | 2023-02-06 | [21970](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21970) | Enable availability strategy for all streams |
| 3.0.0 | 2023-01-31 | [22164](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22164) | Rename nested `business_hours` table to `working_hours` |
| 2.0.1 | 2023-01-27 | [21888](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21888) | Set `AvailabilityStrategy` for streams explicitly to `None` |
| 2.0.0 | 2022-12-20 | [20416](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/20416) | Fix `SlaPolicies` stream schema |
| 1.0.0 | 2022-11-16 | [19496](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/19496) | Fix `Contacts` stream schema |
| 0.3.8 | 2022-11-11 | [19349](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/19349) | Do not rely on response.json() when deciding to retry a request |
| 0.3.7 | 2022-11-03 | [18397](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/18397) | Fix base url for v2 API. |
| 0.3.6 | 2022-09-29 | [17410](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17410) | Migrate to per-stream states. |
| 0.3.5 | 2022-09-27 | [17249](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17249) | Added nullable to all stream schemas, added transformation into declared schema types |
| 0.3.4 | 2022-09-27 | [17243](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17243) | Fixed the issue, when selected stream is not available due to Subscription Plan |
| 0.3.3 | 2022-08-06 | [15378](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/15378) | Allow backward compatibility for input configuration |
| 0.3.2 | 2022-06-23 | [14049](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14049) | Update parsing of start_date |
| 0.3.1 | 2022-06-03 | [13332](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/13332) | Add new streams |
| 0.3.0 | 2022-05-30 | [12334](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/12334) | Implement with latest CDK |
| 0.2.11 | 2021-12-14 | [8682](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8682) | Migrate to the CDK |
| 0.2.10 | 2021-12-06 | [8524](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8524) | Update connector fields title/description |
| 0.2.9 | 2021-11-16 | [8017](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8017) | Bugfix an issue that caused the connector to not sync more than 50000 contacts |
| 0.2.8 | 2021-10-28 | [7486](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7486) | Include "requester" and "stats" fields in "tickets" stream |
| 0.2.7 | 2021-10-13 | [6442](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6442) | Add start_date parameter to specification from which to start pulling data. |

</details>

Commit message:

Upgrade the base image to the latest version in metadata.yaml Update versions of libraries in poetry. PATCH bump source-freshdesk version to 3.1.2 Build source-freshdesk docker image for platform(s) linux/amd64, linux/arm64 Get dependency updates Create or update pull request on Airbyte repository Add changelog entry

docs/integrations/sources/freshdesk.md, after:

# Freshdesk

This page guides you through the process of setting up the Freshdesk source connector.

## Prerequisites

To set up the Freshdesk source connector, you'll need the Freshdesk [domain URL](https://support.freshdesk.com/en/support/solutions/articles/50000004704-customizing-your-helpdesk-url) and the [API key](https://support.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/215517).

## Set up the Freshdesk connector in Airbyte

1. [Log into your Airbyte Cloud](https://cloud.airbyte.com/workspaces) account or navigate to the Airbyte Open Source dashboard.
2. Click **Sources** and then click **+ New source**.
3. On the Set up the source page, select **Freshdesk** from the Source type dropdown.
4. Enter the name for the Freshdesk connector.
5. For **Domain**, enter your [Freshdesk domain URL](https://support.freshdesk.com/en/support/solutions/articles/50000004704-customizing-your-helpdesk-url).
6. For **API Key**, enter your [Freshdesk API key](https://support.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/215517).
7. For **Start Date**, enter the date in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format. The data added on and after this date will be replicated.
8. For **Requests per minute**, enter the number of requests per minute that this source allowed to use. The Freshdesk rate limit is 50 requests per minute per app per account.
9. For **Lookback Window**, you may specify a number of days back from the current stream state to re-read data for the **Satisfaction Ratings** stream. This helps capture updates made to existing ratings after their initial creation. However, keep in mind that records updated before (stream_state - lookback_window) won't be synced. To ensure no data loss, we recommend using a full refresh. The default lookback window is set to 14 days.
10. Click **Set up source**.

## Supported sync modes

- [Full Refresh - Overwrite](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/full-refresh-overwrite/)
- [Full Refresh - Append](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/full-refresh-append)
- [Incremental - Append](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append)
- [Incremental - Append + Deduped](https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append-deduped)

## Supported Streams

Several output streams are available from this source:

- [Agents](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#agents)
- [Business Hours](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#business-hours)
- [Canned Responses](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#canned-responses)
- [Canned Response Folders](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#list_all_canned_response_folders)
- [Companies](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#companies)
- [Contacts](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#contacts) \(Native Incremental Sync\)
- [Conversations](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#conversations)
- [Discussion Categories](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#category_attributes)
- [Discussion Comments](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#comment_attributes)
- [Discussion Forums](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#forum_attributes)
- [Discussion Topics](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#topic_attributes)
- [Email Configs](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#email-configs)
- [Email Mailboxes](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#email-mailboxes)
- [Groups](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#groups)
- [Products](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#products)
- [Roles](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#roles)
- [Satisfaction Ratings](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#satisfaction-ratings)
- [Scenario Automations](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#scenario-automations)
- [Settings](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#settings)
- [Skills](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#skills)
- [SLA Policies](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#sla-policies)
- [Solution Articles](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#solution_article_attributes)
- [Solution Categories](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#solution_category_attributes)
- [Solution Folders](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#solution_folder_attributes)
- [Surveys](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#surveys)
- [Tickets](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#tickets) \(Native Incremental Sync\)
- [Ticket Fields](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#ticket-fields)
- [Time Entries](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#time-entries)

## Performance considerations

The Freshdesk connector should not run into Freshdesk API limitations under normal usage. [Create an issue](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues) if you encounter any rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.

If you don't use the start date Freshdesk will retrieve only the last 30 days. More information [here](https://developers.freshdesk.com/api/#list_all_tickets).

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                               |
| :------ | :--------- | :------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 3.1.2 | 2024-12-14 | [43887](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43887) | Starting with this version, the Docker image is now rootless. Please note that this and future versions will not be compatible with Airbyte versions earlier than 0.64 |
| 3.1.1 | 2024-06-06 | [39231](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39231) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 3.1.0 | 2024-03-12 | [35699](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35699) | Migrate to low-code |
| 3.0.7 | 2024-02-12 | [35187](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35187) | Manage dependencies with Poetry. |
| 3.0.6 | 2024-01-10 | [34101](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/34101) | Base image migration: remove Dockerfile and use the python-connector-base image |
| 3.0.5 | 2023-11-30 | [33000](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/33000) | Base image migration: remove Dockerfile and use the python-connector-base image |
| 3.0.4 | 2023-06-24 | [27680](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/27680) | Fix formatting |
| 3.0.3 | 2023-06-02 | [26978](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/26978) | Skip the stream if subscription level had changed during sync |
| 3.0.2 | 2023-02-06 | [21970](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21970) | Enable availability strategy for all streams |
| 3.0.0 | 2023-01-31 | [22164](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22164) | Rename nested `business_hours` table to `working_hours` |
| 2.0.1 | 2023-01-27 | [21888](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21888) | Set `AvailabilityStrategy` for streams explicitly to `None` |
| 2.0.0 | 2022-12-20 | [20416](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/20416) | Fix `SlaPolicies` stream schema |
| 1.0.0 | 2022-11-16 | [19496](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/19496) | Fix `Contacts` stream schema |
| 0.3.8 | 2022-11-11 | [19349](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/19349) | Do not rely on response.json() when deciding to retry a request |
| 0.3.7 | 2022-11-03 | [18397](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/18397) | Fix base url for v2 API. |
| 0.3.6 | 2022-09-29 | [17410](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17410) | Migrate to per-stream states. |
| 0.3.5 | 2022-09-27 | [17249](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17249) | Added nullable to all stream schemas, added transformation into declared schema types |
| 0.3.4 | 2022-09-27 | [17243](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17243) | Fixed the issue, when selected stream is not available due to Subscription Plan |
| 0.3.3 | 2022-08-06 | [15378](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/15378) | Allow backward compatibility for input configuration |
| 0.3.2 | 2022-06-23 | [14049](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14049) | Update parsing of start_date |
| 0.3.1 | 2022-06-03 | [13332](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/13332) | Add new streams |
| 0.3.0 | 2022-05-30 | [12334](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/12334) | Implement with latest CDK |
| 0.2.11 | 2021-12-14 | [8682](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8682) | Migrate to the CDK |
| 0.2.10 | 2021-12-06 | [8524](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8524) | Update connector fields title/description |
| 0.2.9 | 2021-11-16 | [8017](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8017) | Bugfix an issue that caused the connector to not sync more than 50000 contacts |
| 0.2.8 | 2021-10-28 | [7486](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7486) | Include "requester" and "stats" fields in "tickets" stream |
| 0.2.7 | 2021-10-13 | [6442](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6442) | Add start_date parameter to specification from which to start pulling data. |

</details>
