docs/integrations/sources/intercom.md, before:

# Intercom

<HideInUI>

This page contains the setup guide and reference information for the [Intercom](https://developers.intercom.com/) source connector.

</HideInUI>

## Prerequisites

- Access to an Intercom account with the data you want to replicate
- Start date - a UTC date and time programmatically in the format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ`. The data added on and after this date will be replicated.

## Setup guide

### Set up Intercom

<!-- env:oss -->

### Obtain an Intercom access token (Airbyte Open Source)

To authenticate the connector in **Airbyte Open Source**, you will need to obtain an access token. You can follow the setup steps below to create an Intercom app and generate the token. For more information on Intercom's authentication flow, refer to the [official documentation](https://developers.intercom.com/building-apps/docs/authentication-types).

1. Log in to your Intercom account and navigate to the [Developer Hub](https://developers.intercom.com/).
2. Click **Your apps** in the top-right corner, then click **New app**.
3. Choose an **App name**, select your Workspace from the dropdown, and click **Create app**.
4. To set the appropriate permissions, from the **Authentication** tab, click **Edit** in the top right corner and check the permissions you want to grant to the app. We recommend only granting **read** permissions (not **write**). Click **Save** when you are finished.
5. Under the **Access token** header, you will be prompted to regenerate your access token. Follow the instructions to do so, and copy the new token.

<!-- /env:oss -->

### Set up the Intercom connector in Airbyte

#### For Airbyte Cloud:

1. [Log into your Airbyte Cloud](https://cloud.airbyte.com/workspaces) account.
2. Click Sources and then click + New source.
3. On the Set up the source page, select Intercom from the Source type dropdown.
4. Enter a name for the Intercom connector.
5. To authenticate:

<!-- env:cloud -->

<!-- env:oss -->
### For Airbyte Open Source:

1. Navigate to the Airbyte Open Source dashboard.
2. Click Sources and then click + New source.
3. On the Set up the source page, select Intercom from the Source type dropdown.
4. Enter a name for the Intercom connector.
<!-- /env:oss -->

- For **Airbyte Cloud**, click **Authenticate your Intercom account**. When the pop-up appears, select the appropriate workspace from the dropdown and click **Authorize access**.
  <!-- /env:cloud -->
  <!-- env:oss -->
- For **Airbyte Open Source**, enter your access token to authenticate your account.
<!-- /env:oss -->

6. For **Start date**, use the provided datepicker or enter a UTC date and time programmatically in the format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ`. The data added on and after this date will be replicated.
7. Click **Set up source** and wait for the tests to complete.

## Supported sync modes

The Intercom source connector supports the following [sync modes](https://docs.airbyte.com/cloud/core-concepts/#connection-sync-modes):

- Full Refresh
- Incremental

## Supported Streams

The Intercom source connector supports the following streams:

- [Admins](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/admins/listadmins) \(Full table\)
- [Companies](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listallcompanies) \(Incremental\)
  - [Company Segments](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listattachedsegmentsforcompanies) \(Incremental\)
- [Conversations](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.9/rest-api/api.intercom.io/conversations/listconversations) \(Incremental\)
  - [Conversation Parts](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/conversations/retrieveconversation) \(Incremental\)
- [Data Attributes](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/data-attributes/lisdataattributes) \(Full table\)
  - [Customer Attributes](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/data-attributes/lisdataattributes) \(Full table\)
  - [Company Attributes](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/data-attributes/lisdataattributes) \(Full table\)
- [Contacts](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/contacts/listcontacts) \(Incremental\)
- [Segments](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listsegments) \(Incremental\)
- [Tags](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listtags) \(Full table\)
- [Teams](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listteams) \(Full table\)

## Performance considerations

The connector is restricted by normal Intercom [request limitations](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/rate-limiting).

The Intercom connector should not run into Intercom API limitations under normal usage. [Create an issue](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues) if you see any rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                                                                          |
|:--------|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0.8.3 | 2024-12-12 | [48979](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/48979) | Update dependencies |
| 0.8.2 | 2024-10-29 | [47919](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/47919) | Update dependencies |
| 0.8.1 | 2024-10-28 | [47537](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/47537) | Update dependencies |
| 0.8.0 | 2024-10-23 | [46658](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46658) | Add `lookback_window` to the source specification |
| 0.7.5 | 2024-10-21 | [47120](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/47120) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.4 | 2024-10-12 | [46831](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46831) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.3 | 2024-10-05 | [46447](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46447) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.2 | 2024-09-28 | [45279](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45279) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.1 | 2024-08-31 | [44966](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44966) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.0 | 2024-08-29 | [44911](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44911) | Migrate to CDK v4 |
| 0.6.21 | 2024-08-24 | [44672](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44672) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.20 | 2024-08-17 | [44296](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44296) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.19 | 2024-08-12 | [43878](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43878) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.18 | 2024-08-10 | [43500](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43500) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.17 | 2024-08-03 | [43276](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43276) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.16 | 2024-07-29 | [42094](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42094) | Use latest CDK, raise config error on `Active subscription needed` error and transient errors for `Companies` stream. |
| 0.6.15 | 2024-07-27 | [42654](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42654) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.14 | 2024-07-20 | [42262](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42262) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.13 | 2024-07-13 | [41712](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41712) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.12 | 2024-07-10 | [41356](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41356) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.11 | 2024-07-09 | [41112](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41112) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.10 | 2024-07-06 | [40878](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40878) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.9 | 2024-06-25 | [40428](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40428) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.8 | 2024-06-22 | [39951](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39951) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.7 | 2024-06-06 | [39286](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39286) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 0.6.6 | 2024-05-24 | [38626](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38626) | Add step granularity for activity logs stream |
| 0.6.5 | 2024-04-19 | [36644](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36644) | Updating to 0.80.0 CDK |
| 0.6.4 | 2024-04-12 | [36644](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36644) | Schema descriptions |
| 0.6.3 | 2024-03-23 | [36414](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36414) | Fixed `pagination` regression bug for `conversations` stream |
| 0.6.2 | 2024-03-22 | [36277](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36277) | Fixed the bug for `conversations` stream failed due to `404 - User Not Found`, when the `2.10` API version is used |
| 0.6.1 | 2024-03-18 | [36232](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36232) | Fixed the bug caused the regression when setting the `Intercom-Version` header, updated the source to use the latest CDK version |
| 0.6.0 | 2024-02-12 | [35176](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35176) | Update the connector to use `2.10` API version |
| 0.5.1 | 2024-02-12 | [35148](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35148) | Manage dependencies with Poetry |
| 0.5.0 | 2024-02-09 | [35063](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35063) | Add missing fields for mutiple streams |
| 0.4.0 | 2024-01-11 | [33882](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/33882) | Add new stream `Activity Logs` |
| 0.3.2 | 2023-12-07 | [33223](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/33223) | Ignore 404 error for `Conversation Parts` |
| 0.3.1 | 2023-10-19 | [31599](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/31599) | Base image migration: remove Dockerfile and use the python-connector-base image |
| 0.3.0 | 2023-05-25 | [29598](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/29598) | Update custom components to make them compatible with latest cdk version, simplify logic, update schemas |
| 0.2.1 | 2023-05-25 | [26571](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/26571) | Remove authSpecification from spec.json in favour of advancedAuth |
| 0.2.0 | 2023-04-05 | [23013](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/23013) | Migrated to Low-code (YAML Frramework) |
| 0.1.33 | 2023-03-20 | [22980](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22980) | Specified date formatting in specification |
| 0.1.32 | 2023-02-27 | [22095](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22095) | Extended `Contacts` schema adding `opted_out_subscription_types` property |
| 0.1.31 | 2023-02-17 | [23152](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/23152) | Add `TypeTransformer` to stream `companies` |
| 0.1.30 | 2023-01-27 | [22010](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22010) | Set `AvailabilityStrategy` for streams explicitly to `None` |
| 0.1.29 | 2022-10-31 | [18681](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/18681) | Define correct version for airbyte-cdk~=0.2 |
| 0.1.28 | 2022-10-20 | [18216](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/18216) | Use airbyte-cdk~=0.2.0 with SQLite caching |
| 0.1.27 | 2022-08-28 | [17326](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17326) | Migrate to per-stream states |
| 0.1.26 | 2022-08-18 | [16540](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/16540) | Fix JSON schema |
| 0.1.25 | 2022-08-18 | [15681](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/15681) | Update Intercom API to v 2.5 |
| 0.1.24 | 2022-07-21 | [14924](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14924) | Remove `additionalProperties` field from schemas |
| 0.1.23 | 2022-07-19 | [14830](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14830) | Added `checkpoint_interval` for Incremental streams |
| 0.1.22 | 2022-07-09 | [14554](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14554) | Fixed `conversation_parts` stream schema definition |
| 0.1.21 | 2022-07-05 | [14403](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14403) | Refactored  `Conversations`, `Conversation Parts`, `Company Segments` to increase performance |
| 0.1.20 | 2022-06-24 | [14099](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14099) | Extended `Contacts` stream schema with `sms_consent`,`unsubscribe_from_sms` properties |
| 0.1.19 | 2022-05-25 | [13204](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/13204) | Fixed `conversation_parts` stream schema definition |
| 0.1.18 | 2022-05-04 | [12482](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/12482) | Update input configuration copy |
| 0.1.17 | 2022-04-29 | [12374](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/12374) | Fixed filtering of conversation_parts |
| 0.1.16 | 2022-03-23 | [11206](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/11206) | Added conversation_id field to conversation_part records |
| 0.1.15 | 2022-03-22 | [11176](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/11176) | Correct `check_connection` URL |
| 0.1.14 | 2022-03-16 | [11208](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/11208) | Improve 'conversations' incremental sync speed |
| 0.1.13 | 2022-01-14 | [9513](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/9513) | Added handling of scroll param when it expired |
| 0.1.12 | 2021-12-14 | [8429](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8429) | Updated fields and descriptions |
| 0.1.11 | 2021-12-13 | [8685](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8685) | Remove time.sleep for rate limit |
| 0.1.10 | 2021-12-10 | [8637](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8637) | Fix 'conversations' order and sorting. Correction of the companies stream |
| 0.1.9 | 2021-12-03 | [8395](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8395) | Fix backoff of 'companies' stream |
| 0.1.8 | 2021-11-09 | [7060](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7060) | Added oauth support |
| 0.1.7 | 2021-11-08 | [7499](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7499) | Remove base-python dependencies |
| 0.1.6 | 2021-10-07 | [6879](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6879) | Corrected pagination for contacts |
| 0.1.5 | 2021-09-28 | [6082](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6082) | Corrected android\_last\_seen\_at field data type in schemas |
| 0.1.4 | 2021-09-20 | [6087](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6087) | Corrected updated\_at field data type in schemas |
| 0.1.3 | 2021-09-08 | [5908](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5908) | Corrected timestamp and arrays in schemas |
| 0.1.2 | 2021-08-19 | [5531](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5531) | Corrected pagination |
| 0.1.1 | 2021-07-31 | [5123](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5123) | Corrected rate limit |
| 0.1.0 | 2021-07-19 | [4676](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/4676) | Release Intercom CDK Connector |

</details>

Commit message:

Upgrade the base image to the latest version in metadata.yaml Update versions of libraries in poetry. PATCH bump source-intercom version to 0.8.4 Build source-intercom docker image for platform(s) linux/amd64, linux/arm64 Get dependency updates Create or update pull request on Airbyte repository Add changelog entry

docs/integrations/sources/intercom.md, after:

# Intercom

<HideInUI>

This page contains the setup guide and reference information for the [Intercom](https://developers.intercom.com/) source connector.

</HideInUI>

## Prerequisites

- Access to an Intercom account with the data you want to replicate
- Start date - a UTC date and time programmatically in the format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ`. The data added on and after this date will be replicated.

## Setup guide

### Set up Intercom

<!-- env:oss -->

### Obtain an Intercom access token (Airbyte Open Source)

To authenticate the connector in **Airbyte Open Source**, you will need to obtain an access token. You can follow the setup steps below to create an Intercom app and generate the token. For more information on Intercom's authentication flow, refer to the [official documentation](https://developers.intercom.com/building-apps/docs/authentication-types).

1. Log in to your Intercom account and navigate to the [Developer Hub](https://developers.intercom.com/).
2. Click **Your apps** in the top-right corner, then click **New app**.
3. Choose an **App name**, select your Workspace from the dropdown, and click **Create app**.
4. To set the appropriate permissions, from the **Authentication** tab, click **Edit** in the top right corner and check the permissions you want to grant to the app. We recommend only granting **read** permissions (not **write**). Click **Save** when you are finished.
5. Under the **Access token** header, you will be prompted to regenerate your access token. Follow the instructions to do so, and copy the new token.

<!-- /env:oss -->

### Set up the Intercom connector in Airbyte

#### For Airbyte Cloud:

1. [Log into your Airbyte Cloud](https://cloud.airbyte.com/workspaces) account.
2. Click Sources and then click + New source.
3. On the Set up the source page, select Intercom from the Source type dropdown.
4. Enter a name for the Intercom connector.
5. To authenticate:

<!-- env:cloud -->

<!-- env:oss -->
### For Airbyte Open Source:

1. Navigate to the Airbyte Open Source dashboard.
2. Click Sources and then click + New source.
3. On the Set up the source page, select Intercom from the Source type dropdown.
4. Enter a name for the Intercom connector.
<!-- /env:oss -->

- For **Airbyte Cloud**, click **Authenticate your Intercom account**. When the pop-up appears, select the appropriate workspace from the dropdown and click **Authorize access**.
  <!-- /env:cloud -->
  <!-- env:oss -->
- For **Airbyte Open Source**, enter your access token to authenticate your account.
<!-- /env:oss -->

6. For **Start date**, use the provided datepicker or enter a UTC date and time programmatically in the format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ`. The data added on and after this date will be replicated.
7. Click **Set up source** and wait for the tests to complete.

## Supported sync modes

The Intercom source connector supports the following [sync modes](https://docs.airbyte.com/cloud/core-concepts/#connection-sync-modes):

- Full Refresh
- Incremental

## Supported Streams

The Intercom source connector supports the following streams:

- [Admins](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/admins/listadmins) \(Full table\)
- [Companies](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listallcompanies) \(Incremental\)
  - [Company Segments](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listattachedsegmentsforcompanies) \(Incremental\)
- [Conversations](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.9/rest-api/api.intercom.io/conversations/listconversations) \(Incremental\)
  - [Conversation Parts](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/conversations/retrieveconversation) \(Incremental\)
- [Data Attributes](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/data-attributes/lisdataattributes) \(Full table\)
  - [Customer Attributes](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/data-attributes/lisdataattributes) \(Full table\)
  - [Company Attributes](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/data-attributes/lisdataattributes) \(Full table\)
- [Contacts](https://developers.intercom.com/docs/references/2.10/rest-api/api.intercom.io/contacts/listcontacts) \(Incremental\)
- [Segments](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listsegments) \(Incremental\)
- [Tags](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listtags) \(Full table\)
- [Teams](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/listteams) \(Full table\)

## Performance considerations

The connector is restricted by normal Intercom [request limitations](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/rate-limiting).

The Intercom connector should not run into Intercom API limitations under normal usage. [Create an issue](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues) if you see any rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                                                                          |
|:--------|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0.8.4 | 2024-12-14 | [49212](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/49212) | Starting with this version, the Docker image is now rootless. Please note that this and future versions will not be compatible with Airbyte versions earlier than 0.64 |
| 0.8.3 | 2024-12-12 | [48979](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/48979) | Update dependencies |
| 0.8.2 | 2024-10-29 | [47919](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/47919) | Update dependencies |
| 0.8.1 | 2024-10-28 | [47537](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/47537) | Update dependencies |
| 0.8.0 | 2024-10-23 | [46658](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46658) | Add `lookback_window` to the source specification |
| 0.7.5 | 2024-10-21 | [47120](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/47120) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.4 | 2024-10-12 | [46831](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46831) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.3 | 2024-10-05 | [46447](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/46447) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.2 | 2024-09-28 | [45279](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/45279) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.1 | 2024-08-31 | [44966](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44966) | Update dependencies |
| 0.7.0 | 2024-08-29 | [44911](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44911) | Migrate to CDK v4 |
| 0.6.21 | 2024-08-24 | [44672](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44672) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.20 | 2024-08-17 | [44296](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/44296) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.19 | 2024-08-12 | [43878](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43878) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.18 | 2024-08-10 | [43500](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43500) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.17 | 2024-08-03 | [43276](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43276) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.16 | 2024-07-29 | [42094](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42094) | Use latest CDK, raise config error on `Active subscription needed` error and transient errors for `Companies` stream. |
| 0.6.15 | 2024-07-27 | [42654](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42654) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.14 | 2024-07-20 | [42262](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42262) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.13 | 2024-07-13 | [41712](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41712) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.12 | 2024-07-10 | [41356](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41356) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.11 | 2024-07-09 | [41112](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41112) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.10 | 2024-07-06 | [40878](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40878) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.9 | 2024-06-25 | [40428](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40428) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.8 | 2024-06-22 | [39951](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39951) | Update dependencies |
| 0.6.7 | 2024-06-06 | [39286](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39286) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 0.6.6 | 2024-05-24 | [38626](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38626) | Add step granularity for activity logs stream |
| 0.6.5 | 2024-04-19 | [36644](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36644) | Updating to 0.80.0 CDK |
| 0.6.4 | 2024-04-12 | [36644](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36644) | Schema descriptions |
| 0.6.3 | 2024-03-23 | [36414](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36414) | Fixed `pagination` regression bug for `conversations` stream |
| 0.6.2 | 2024-03-22 | [36277](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36277) | Fixed the bug for `conversations` stream failed due to `404 - User Not Found`, when the `2.10` API version is used |
| 0.6.1 | 2024-03-18 | [36232](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36232) | Fixed the bug caused the regression when setting the `Intercom-Version` header, updated the source to use the latest CDK version |
| 0.6.0 | 2024-02-12 | [35176](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35176) | Update the connector to use `2.10` API version |
| 0.5.1 | 2024-02-12 | [35148](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35148) | Manage dependencies with Poetry |
| 0.5.0 | 2024-02-09 | [35063](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35063) | Add missing fields for mutiple streams |
| 0.4.0 | 2024-01-11 | [33882](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/33882) | Add new stream `Activity Logs` |
| 0.3.2 | 2023-12-07 | [33223](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/33223) | Ignore 404 error for `Conversation Parts` |
| 0.3.1 | 2023-10-19 | [31599](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/31599) | Base image migration: remove Dockerfile and use the python-connector-base image |
| 0.3.0 | 2023-05-25 | [29598](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/29598) | Update custom components to make them compatible with latest cdk version, simplify logic, update schemas |
| 0.2.1 | 2023-05-25 | [26571](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/26571) | Remove authSpecification from spec.json in favour of advancedAuth |
| 0.2.0 | 2023-04-05 | [23013](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/23013) | Migrated to Low-code (YAML Frramework) |
| 0.1.33 | 2023-03-20 | [22980](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22980) | Specified date formatting in specification |
| 0.1.32 | 2023-02-27 | [22095](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22095) | Extended `Contacts` schema adding `opted_out_subscription_types` property |
| 0.1.31 | 2023-02-17 | [23152](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/23152) | Add `TypeTransformer` to stream `companies` |
| 0.1.30 | 2023-01-27 | [22010](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22010) | Set `AvailabilityStrategy` for streams explicitly to `None` |
| 0.1.29 | 2022-10-31 | [18681](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/18681) | Define correct version for airbyte-cdk~=0.2 |
| 0.1.28 | 2022-10-20 | [18216](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/18216) | Use airbyte-cdk~=0.2.0 with SQLite caching |
| 0.1.27 | 2022-08-28 | [17326](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17326) | Migrate to per-stream states |
| 0.1.26 | 2022-08-18 | [16540](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/16540) | Fix JSON schema |
| 0.1.25 | 2022-08-18 | [15681](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/15681) | Update Intercom API to v 2.5 |
| 0.1.24 | 2022-07-21 | [14924](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14924) | Remove `additionalProperties` field from schemas |
| 0.1.23 | 2022-07-19 | [14830](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14830) | Added `checkpoint_interval` for Incremental streams |
| 0.1.22 | 2022-07-09 | [14554](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14554) | Fixed `conversation_parts` stream schema definition |
| 0.1.21 | 2022-07-05 | [14403](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14403) | Refactored  `Conversations`, `Conversation Parts`, `Company Segments` to increase performance |
| 0.1.20 | 2022-06-24 | [14099](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/14099) | Extended `Contacts` stream schema with `sms_consent`,`unsubscribe_from_sms` properties |
| 0.1.19 | 2022-05-25 | [13204](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/13204) | Fixed `conversation_parts` stream schema definition |
| 0.1.18 | 2022-05-04 | [12482](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/12482) | Update input configuration copy |
| 0.1.17 | 2022-04-29 | [12374](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/12374) | Fixed filtering of conversation_parts |
| 0.1.16 | 2022-03-23 | [11206](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/11206) | Added conversation_id field to conversation_part records |
| 0.1.15 | 2022-03-22 | [11176](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/11176) | Correct `check_connection` URL |
| 0.1.14 | 2022-03-16 | [11208](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/11208) | Improve 'conversations' incremental sync speed |
| 0.1.13 | 2022-01-14 | [9513](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/9513) | Added handling of scroll param when it expired |
| 0.1.12 | 2021-12-14 | [8429](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8429) | Updated fields and descriptions |
| 0.1.11 | 2021-12-13 | [8685](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8685) | Remove time.sleep for rate limit |
| 0.1.10 | 2021-12-10 | [8637](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8637) | Fix 'conversations' order and sorting. Correction of the companies stream |
| 0.1.9 | 2021-12-03 | [8395](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/8395) | Fix backoff of 'companies' stream |
| 0.1.8 | 2021-11-09 | [7060](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7060) | Added oauth support |
| 0.1.7 | 2021-11-08 | [7499](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7499) | Remove base-python dependencies |
| 0.1.6 | 2021-10-07 | [6879](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6879) | Corrected pagination for contacts |
| 0.1.5 | 2021-09-28 | [6082](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6082) | Corrected android\_last\_seen\_at field data type in schemas |
| 0.1.4 | 2021-09-20 | [6087](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6087) | Corrected updated\_at field data type in schemas |
| 0.1.3 | 2021-09-08 | [5908](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5908) | Corrected timestamp and arrays in schemas |
| 0.1.2 | 2021-08-19 | [5531](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5531) | Corrected pagination |
| 0.1.1 | 2021-07-31 | [5123](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5123) | Corrected rate limit |
| 0.1.0 | 2021-07-19 | [4676](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/4676) | Release Intercom CDK Connector |

</details>
