docs/integrations/sources/pagerduty.md, before:

# PagerDuty

## Overview

The PagerDuty source is maintained by [Faros
AI](https://github.com/faros-ai/airbyte-connectors/tree/main/sources/pagerduty-source).
Please file any support requests on that repo to minimize response time from the
maintainers. The source supports both Full Refresh and Incremental syncs. You
can choose if this source will copy only the new or updated data, or all rows in
the tables and columns you set up for replication, every time a sync is run.

### Output schema

Several output streams are available from this source:

- [Incidents](https://developer.pagerduty.com/api-reference/b3A6Mjc0ODEzOA-list-incidents) \(Incremental\)
- [Incident Log Entries](https://developer.pagerduty.com/api-reference/b3A6Mjc0ODE1NA-list-log-entries) \(Incremental\)
- [Priorities](https://developer.pagerduty.com/api-reference/b3A6Mjc0ODE2NA-list-priorities)
- [Users](https://developer.pagerduty.com/api-reference/b3A6Mjc0ODIzMw-list-users)

If there are more endpoints you'd like Faros AI to support, please [create an
issue.](https://github.com/faros-ai/airbyte-connectors/issues/new)

### Features

| Feature           | Supported? |
| :---------------- | :--------- |
| Full Refresh Sync | Yes        |
| Incremental Sync  | Yes        |
| SSL connection    | Yes        |
| Namespaces        | No         |

### Performance considerations

The PagerDuty source should not run into PagerDuty API limitations under normal
usage. Please [create an
issue](https://github.com/faros-ai/airbyte-connectors/issues/new) if you see any
rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.

## Getting started

### Requirements

- PagerDuty API Key

Please follow the [their documentation for generating a PagerDuty API
Key](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/generating-api-keys#section-generating-a-general-access-rest-api-key).

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                                   | Subject                              |
| :------ | :--------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------- |
| 0.2.12 | 2024-08-03 | [43061](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43061) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.11 | 2024-07-27 | [42713](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42713) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.10 | 2024-07-20 | [42267](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42267) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.9 | 2024-07-13 | [41725](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41725) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.8 | 2024-07-10 | [41501](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41501) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.7 | 2024-07-09 | [41240](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41240) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.6 | 2024-07-06 | [40803](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40803) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.5 | 2024-06-25 | [40303](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40303) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.4 | 2024-06-22 | [39985](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39985) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.3 | 2024-06-12 | [39115](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39115) | Make compatible with builder |
| 0.2.2 | 2024-06-06 | [39169](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39169) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 0.2.1 | 2024-05-20 | [38429](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38429) | [autopull] base image + poetry + up_to_date |
| 0.2.0 | 2023-10-20 | [31160](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/31160) | Migrate to low code |
| 0.1.23  | 2021-11-12 | [125](https://github.com/faros-ai/airbyte-connectors/pull/125) | Add Pagerduty source and destination |

</details>

Commit message:

Upgrade the base image to the latest version in metadata.yaml PATCH bump source-pagerduty version to 0.2.13 Build source-pagerduty docker image for platform(s) linux/amd64, linux/arm64 Get dependency updates Create or update pull request on Airbyte repository Add changelog entry

docs/integrations/sources/pagerduty.md, after:

# PagerDuty

## Overview

The PagerDuty source is maintained by [Faros
AI](https://github.com/faros-ai/airbyte-connectors/tree/main/sources/pagerduty-source).
Please file any support requests on that repo to minimize response time from the
maintainers. The source supports both Full Refresh and Incremental syncs. You
can choose if this source will copy only the new or updated data, or all rows in
the tables and columns you set up for replication, every time a sync is run.

### Output schema

Several output streams are available from this source:

- [Incidents](https://developer.pagerduty.com/api-reference/b3A6Mjc0ODEzOA-list-incidents) \(Incremental\)
- [Incident Log Entries](https://developer.pagerduty.com/api-reference/b3A6Mjc0ODE1NA-list-log-entries) \(Incremental\)
- [Priorities](https://developer.pagerduty.com/api-reference/b3A6Mjc0ODE2NA-list-priorities)
- [Users](https://developer.pagerduty.com/api-reference/b3A6Mjc0ODIzMw-list-users)

If there are more endpoints you'd like Faros AI to support, please [create an
issue.](https://github.com/faros-ai/airbyte-connectors/issues/new)

### Features

| Feature           | Supported? |
| :---------------- | :--------- |
| Full Refresh Sync | Yes        |
| Incremental Sync  | Yes        |
| SSL connection    | Yes        |
| Namespaces        | No         |

### Performance considerations

The PagerDuty source should not run into PagerDuty API limitations under normal
usage. Please [create an
issue](https://github.com/faros-ai/airbyte-connectors/issues/new) if you see any
rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.

## Getting started

### Requirements

- PagerDuty API Key

Please follow the [their documentation for generating a PagerDuty API
Key](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/generating-api-keys#section-generating-a-general-access-rest-api-key).

## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                                   | Subject                              |
| :------ | :--------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------- |
| 0.2.13 | 2024-12-14 | [43794](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43794) | Starting with this version, the Docker image is now rootless. Please note that this and future versions will not be compatible with Airbyte versions earlier than 0.64 |
| 0.2.12 | 2024-08-03 | [43061](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43061) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.11 | 2024-07-27 | [42713](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42713) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.10 | 2024-07-20 | [42267](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42267) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.9 | 2024-07-13 | [41725](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41725) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.8 | 2024-07-10 | [41501](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41501) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.7 | 2024-07-09 | [41240](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41240) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.6 | 2024-07-06 | [40803](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40803) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.5 | 2024-06-25 | [40303](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40303) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.4 | 2024-06-22 | [39985](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39985) | Update dependencies |
| 0.2.3 | 2024-06-12 | [39115](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39115) | Make compatible with builder |
| 0.2.2 | 2024-06-06 | [39169](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39169) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2 |
| 0.2.1 | 2024-05-20 | [38429](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38429) | [autopull] base image + poetry + up_to_date |
| 0.2.0 | 2023-10-20 | [31160](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/31160) | Migrate to low code |
| 0.1.23  | 2021-11-12 | [125](https://github.com/faros-ai/airbyte-connectors/pull/125) | Add Pagerduty source and destination |

</details>
