docs/integrations/sources/slack.md, before:

# Slack

<HideInUI>

This page contains the setup guide and reference information for the [Slack](https://www.slack.com) source connector.

</HideInUI>

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, have the following ready: 

- Administrator access to an active Slack Workspace
- Slack App OAuth (preferred) or API Key

## Setup guide

### Step 1: Set up Slack

The following instructions guide you through creating a Slack app. Airbyte can only replicate messages from channels that the app has been added to.

:::info
If you are using a legacy Slack API Key, you can skip this section.
:::

To create a Slack App, read this [tutorial](https://api.slack.com/tutorials/tracks/getting-a-token) on how to create an app, or follow these instructions. 

1. Go to your [Apps](https://api.slack.com/apps)
2. Click **Create New App**. Select **From Scratch**.
3. Choose a name for your app and select the name of your Slack workspace. Click **Create App**. 
4. In the navigation menu, select **OAuth & Permissions**.
5. Navigate to **Scopes**. In **Bot Token Scopes**, select the following scopes: 

```
 channels:history
 channels:join
 channels:read
 files:read
 groups:read
 links:read
 reactions:read
 remote_files:read
 team:read
 usergroups:read
 users:read
 users.profile:read
```

6. At the top of the "OAuth & Permissions" page, click **Install to Workspace**. This will generate a Bot User OAuth Token. Copy this for later if you are using the API token for authentication.
7. Go to your Slack instance. For any public channel, go to **Info**, **More**, and select **Add Apps**. 
8. Search for your newly created app. (If you are using the desktop version of Slack, you may need to restart Slack for it to pick up the new App). Add the App to all channels you want to sync data from.

:::note
If you are using an API key to authenticate to Slack, a refresh token is not required, as acccess tokens never expire. You can learn more about refresh tokens [here](https://api.slack.com/authentication/rotation).
:::

### Step 2: Set up the Slack connector in Airbyte

<!-- env:cloud -->

**For Airbyte Cloud:**

1. In the navigation bar, click **Sources**. 
2. Click **New source**.
3. Find and click **Slack**.
4. Click **Authenticate your Slack account**. Log in and authorize Airbyte to access your Slack account.
<FieldAnchor field="join_channels">
5. Toggle `join_channels`, if you want to join all public channels or to sync data only from channels the bot is already in. If not set, you'll need to manually add the bot to all the channels from which you'd like to sync messages.
</FieldAnchor>
<FieldAnchor field="start_date">
6. **Start Date**: Any data before this date will not be extracted.
</FieldAnchor>
<FieldAnchor field="lookback_window">
7. **Threads Lookback window (Days)**. This corresponds to the number of days in the past from which you want to sync data.
</FieldAnchor>
<FieldAnchor field="include_private_channels">
8. (Optional) **Channel filter** the list of channel names (without leading '#' char) that limits the channels from which you'd like to sync. If no channels are specified, Airbyte will replicate data from all channels.
</FieldAnchor>
<FieldAnchor field="include_private_channels">
9. (Optional) **Include_private_channels** Toggle on to sync data from private channels. You will need to manually add the bot to private channels even if `join_channels` is toggled on.
</FieldAnchor>
10. Click **Set up source**. You must add the App created in Step 1 to the channels with the data that you want to sync.
<!-- /env:cloud -->

<!-- env:oss -->

**For Airbyte Open Source:**

1. In the navigation bar, click **Sources**. 
2. Click **New source**.
3. Find and click **Slack**.
4. Click **Sign in via Slack (OAuth)**. Enter the Access Token, Client ID, and Client Secret. Alternatively, enter the API Token from Step 1.
5. Toggle `join_channels`, if you want to join all public channels or to sync data only from channels the bot is already in. If not set, you'll need to manually add the bot to all the channels from which you'd like to sync messages.
6. **Start Date**: Any data before this date will not be extracted.
7. **Threads Lookback window (Days)**. This corresponds to the number of days in the past from which you want to sync data.
8. (Optional) **Channel filter** the list of channel names (without leading '#' char) that limits the channels from which you'd like to sync. If no channels are specified, Airbyte will replicate data from all channels.
9. (Optional) **Include_private_channels** Toggle on to sync data from private channels. You will need to manually add the bot to private channels even if `join_channels` is toggled on.
10. Click **Set up source**. You must add the App created in Step 1 to the channels with the data that you want to sync.
<!-- /env:oss -->

<HideInUI>

## Supported sync modes

The Slack source connector supports the following [sync modes](https://docs.airbyte.com/cloud/core-concepts#connection-sync-modes):

| Feature           | Supported? |
| :---------------- | :--------- |
| Full Refresh Sync | Yes        |
| Incremental Sync  | Yes        |
| Namespaces        | No         |

## Supported Streams

For most of the streams, the Slack source connector uses the [Conversations API](https://api.slack.com/docs/conversations-api) under the hood.

- [Channels \(Conversations\)](https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.list)
- [Channel Members \(Conversation Members\)](https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.members)
- [Messages \(Conversation History\)](https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.history) It will only replicate messages from non-archive, public and private channels that the Slack App is a member of.
- [Users](https://api.slack.com/methods/users.list)
- [Threads \(Conversation Replies\)](https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.replies)

## Performance considerations

The connector is restricted by Slack [rate limits](https://api.slack.com/docs/rate-limits).

We highly recommend only syncing required channels. This can be done by specifying the `channel_filter` in the Slack configuration setings.

## Data type map

| Integration Type | Airbyte Type |
| :--------------- | :----------- |
| `string`         | `string`     |
| `number`         | `number`     |
| `array`          | `array`      |
| `object`         | `object`     |

## Limitations & Troubleshooting

<details>
<summary>
Expand to see details about Slack connector limitations and troubleshooting.
</summary>

### Connector limitations

#### Rate limiting

Slack has [rate limit restrictions](https://api.slack.com/docs/rate-limits).

### Troubleshooting

- Check out common troubleshooting issues for the Slack source connector on our Airbyte Forum [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions).

</details>

</HideInUI>


## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                              |
|:--------|:-----------| :------------------------------------------------------- |:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.3.1   | 2024-07-24 | [42485](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42485) | Fix MRO error for `IncrementalMessageStream`                                                                                     |
| 1.3.0   | 2024-07-17 | [41994](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41994) | Migrate to CDK v3.5.1                                                                |
| 1.2.0   | 2024-07-16 | [41970](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41970) | Migrate to CDK v2.4.0                                                                |
| 1.1.13  | 2024-07-13 | [41863](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41863) | Update dependencies                                                                  |
| 1.1.12  | 2024-07-10 | [41485](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41485) | Update dependencies                                                                  |
| 1.1.11  | 2024-07-09 | [41231](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41231) | Update dependencies                                                                  |
| 1.1.10  | 2024-07-06 | [40839](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40839) | Update dependencies                                                                  |
| 1.1.9   | 2024-06-25 | [40347](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40347) | Update dependencies                                                                  |
| 1.1.8   | 2024-06-22 | [40166](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40166) | Update dependencies                                                                  |
| 1.1.7   | 2025-06-14 | [39343](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39343) | Update state handling for `threads` Python stream                                    |
| 1.1.6   | 2024-06-12 | [39132](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39416) | Respect `include_private_channels` option in `threads` stream                        |
| 1.1.5   | 2024-06-10 | [39132](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39132) | Convert string state to float for `threads` stream                                   |
| 1.1.4   | 2024-06-06 | [39271](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39271) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2                                              |
| 1.1.3   | 2024-06-05 | [39121](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39121) | Change cursor format for `channel_messages` stream to `%s_as_float`                  |
| 1.1.2   | 2024-05-23 | [38619](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38619) | Fix cursor granularity for the `channel_messages` stream                             |
| 1.1.1   | 2024-05-02 | [36661](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36661) | Schema descriptions                                                                  |
| 1.1.0   | 2024-04-18 | [37332](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/37332) | Add the capability to sync from private channels                                     |
| 1.0.0   | 2024-04-02 | [35477](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35477) | Migration to low-code CDK                                                            |
| 0.4.1   | 2024-03-27 | [36579](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36579) | Upgrade airbyte-cdk version to emit record counts as floats                          |
| 0.4.0   | 2024-03-19 | [36267](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36267) | Pin airbyte-cdk version to `^0`                                                      |
| 0.3.9   | 2024-02-12 | [35157](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35157) | Manage dependencies with Poetry                                                      |
| 0.3.8   | 2024-02-09 | [35131](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35131) | Fixed the issue when `schema discovery` fails with `502` due to the platform timeout |
| 0.3.7   | 2024-01-10 | [1234](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/1234) | Prepare for airbyte-lib                                                              |
| 0.3.6   | 2023-11-21 | [32707](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/32707) | Threads: do not use client-side record filtering                                     |
| 0.3.5   | 2023-10-19 | [31599](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/31599) | Base image migration: remove Dockerfile and use the python-connector-base image      |
| 0.3.4   | 2023-10-06 | [31134](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/31134) | Update CDK and remove non iterable return from records                               |
| 0.3.3   | 2023-09-28 | [30580](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30580) | Add `bot_id` field to threads schema                                                 |
| 0.3.2   | 2023-09-20 | [30613](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30613) | Set default value for channel_filters during discover                                |
| 0.3.1   | 2023-09-19 | [30570](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30570) | Use default availability strategy                                                    |
| 0.3.0   | 2023-09-18 | [30521](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30521) | Add unexpected fields to streams `channel_messages`, `channels`, `threads`, `users`  |
| 0.2.0   | 2023-05-24 | [26497](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/26497) | Fixed `lookback window` value limitations                                            |
| 0.1.26  | 2023-05-17 | [26186](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/26186) | Limited the `lookback window` range for input configuration                          |
| 0.1.25  | 2023-03-20 | [22889](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22889) | Specified date formatting in specification                                           |
| 0.1.24  | 2023-03-20 | [24126](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/24126) | Increase page size to 1000                                                           |
| 0.1.23  | 2023-02-21 | [21907](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21907) | Do not join channels that not gonna be synced                                        |
| 0.1.22  | 2023-01-27 | [22022](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22022) | Set `AvailabilityStrategy` for streams explicitly to `None`                          |
| 0.1.21  | 2023-01-12 | [21321](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21321) | Retry Timeout error                                                                  |
| 0.1.20  | 2022-12-21 | [20767](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/20767) | Update schema                                                                        |
| 0.1.19  | 2022-12-01 | [19970](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/19970) | Remove OAuth2.0 broken `refresh_token` support                                       |
| 0.1.18  | 2022-09-28 | [17315](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17315) | Always install latest version of Airbyte CDK                                         |
| 0.1.17  | 2022-08-28 | [16085](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/16085) | Increase unit test coverage                                                          |
| 0.1.16  | 2022-08-28 | [16050](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/16050) | Fix SATs                                                                             |
| 0.1.15  | 2022-03-31 | [11613](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/11613) | Add 'channel_filter' config and improve performance                                  |
| 0.1.14  | 2022-01-26 | [9575](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/9575) | Correct schema                                                                       |
| 0.1.13  | 2021-11-08 | [7499](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7499) | Remove base-python dependencies                                                      |
| 0.1.12  | 2021-10-07 | [6570](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6570) | Implement OAuth support with OAuth authenticator                                     |
| 0.1.11  | 2021-08-27 | [5830](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5830) | Fix sync operations hang forever issue                                               |
| 0.1.10  | 2021-08-27 | [5697](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5697) | Fix max retries issue                                                                |
| 0.1.9   | 2021-07-20 | [4860](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/4860) | Fix reading threads issue                                                            |
| 0.1.8   | 2021-07-14 | [4683](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/4683) | Add float_ts primary key                                                             |
| 0.1.7   | 2021-06-25 | [3978](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/3978) | Release Slack CDK Connector                                                          |

</details>

Commit message:

Upgrade the base image to the latest version in metadata.yaml Update versions of libraries in poetry. PATCH bump source-slack version to 1.3.2 Build source-slack docker image for platform(s) linux/amd64, linux/arm64 Get dependency updates Create or update pull request on Airbyte repository Add changelog entry

docs/integrations/sources/slack.md, after:

# Slack

<HideInUI>

This page contains the setup guide and reference information for the [Slack](https://www.slack.com) source connector.

</HideInUI>

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, have the following ready: 

- Administrator access to an active Slack Workspace
- Slack App OAuth (preferred) or API Key

## Setup guide

### Step 1: Set up Slack

The following instructions guide you through creating a Slack app. Airbyte can only replicate messages from channels that the app has been added to.

:::info
If you are using a legacy Slack API Key, you can skip this section.
:::

To create a Slack App, read this [tutorial](https://api.slack.com/tutorials/tracks/getting-a-token) on how to create an app, or follow these instructions. 

1. Go to your [Apps](https://api.slack.com/apps)
2. Click **Create New App**. Select **From Scratch**.
3. Choose a name for your app and select the name of your Slack workspace. Click **Create App**. 
4. In the navigation menu, select **OAuth & Permissions**.
5. Navigate to **Scopes**. In **Bot Token Scopes**, select the following scopes: 

```
 channels:history
 channels:join
 channels:read
 files:read
 groups:read
 links:read
 reactions:read
 remote_files:read
 team:read
 usergroups:read
 users:read
 users.profile:read
```

6. At the top of the "OAuth & Permissions" page, click **Install to Workspace**. This will generate a Bot User OAuth Token. Copy this for later if you are using the API token for authentication.
7. Go to your Slack instance. For any public channel, go to **Info**, **More**, and select **Add Apps**. 
8. Search for your newly created app. (If you are using the desktop version of Slack, you may need to restart Slack for it to pick up the new App). Add the App to all channels you want to sync data from.

:::note
If you are using an API key to authenticate to Slack, a refresh token is not required, as acccess tokens never expire. You can learn more about refresh tokens [here](https://api.slack.com/authentication/rotation).
:::

### Step 2: Set up the Slack connector in Airbyte

<!-- env:cloud -->

**For Airbyte Cloud:**

1. In the navigation bar, click **Sources**. 
2. Click **New source**.
3. Find and click **Slack**.
4. Click **Authenticate your Slack account**. Log in and authorize Airbyte to access your Slack account.
<FieldAnchor field="join_channels">
5. Toggle `join_channels`, if you want to join all public channels or to sync data only from channels the bot is already in. If not set, you'll need to manually add the bot to all the channels from which you'd like to sync messages.
</FieldAnchor>
<FieldAnchor field="start_date">
6. **Start Date**: Any data before this date will not be extracted.
</FieldAnchor>
<FieldAnchor field="lookback_window">
7. **Threads Lookback window (Days)**. This corresponds to the number of days in the past from which you want to sync data.
</FieldAnchor>
<FieldAnchor field="include_private_channels">
8. (Optional) **Channel filter** the list of channel names (without leading '#' char) that limits the channels from which you'd like to sync. If no channels are specified, Airbyte will replicate data from all channels.
</FieldAnchor>
<FieldAnchor field="include_private_channels">
9. (Optional) **Include_private_channels** Toggle on to sync data from private channels. You will need to manually add the bot to private channels even if `join_channels` is toggled on.
</FieldAnchor>
10. Click **Set up source**. You must add the App created in Step 1 to the channels with the data that you want to sync.
<!-- /env:cloud -->

<!-- env:oss -->

**For Airbyte Open Source:**

1. In the navigation bar, click **Sources**. 
2. Click **New source**.
3. Find and click **Slack**.
4. Click **Sign in via Slack (OAuth)**. Enter the Access Token, Client ID, and Client Secret. Alternatively, enter the API Token from Step 1.
5. Toggle `join_channels`, if you want to join all public channels or to sync data only from channels the bot is already in. If not set, you'll need to manually add the bot to all the channels from which you'd like to sync messages.
6. **Start Date**: Any data before this date will not be extracted.
7. **Threads Lookback window (Days)**. This corresponds to the number of days in the past from which you want to sync data.
8. (Optional) **Channel filter** the list of channel names (without leading '#' char) that limits the channels from which you'd like to sync. If no channels are specified, Airbyte will replicate data from all channels.
9. (Optional) **Include_private_channels** Toggle on to sync data from private channels. You will need to manually add the bot to private channels even if `join_channels` is toggled on.
10. Click **Set up source**. You must add the App created in Step 1 to the channels with the data that you want to sync.
<!-- /env:oss -->

<HideInUI>

## Supported sync modes

The Slack source connector supports the following [sync modes](https://docs.airbyte.com/cloud/core-concepts#connection-sync-modes):

| Feature           | Supported? |
| :---------------- | :--------- |
| Full Refresh Sync | Yes        |
| Incremental Sync  | Yes        |
| Namespaces        | No         |

## Supported Streams

For most of the streams, the Slack source connector uses the [Conversations API](https://api.slack.com/docs/conversations-api) under the hood.

- [Channels \(Conversations\)](https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.list)
- [Channel Members \(Conversation Members\)](https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.members)
- [Messages \(Conversation History\)](https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.history) It will only replicate messages from non-archive, public and private channels that the Slack App is a member of.
- [Users](https://api.slack.com/methods/users.list)
- [Threads \(Conversation Replies\)](https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.replies)

## Performance considerations

The connector is restricted by Slack [rate limits](https://api.slack.com/docs/rate-limits).

We highly recommend only syncing required channels. This can be done by specifying the `channel_filter` in the Slack configuration setings.

## Data type map

| Integration Type | Airbyte Type |
| :--------------- | :----------- |
| `string`         | `string`     |
| `number`         | `number`     |
| `array`          | `array`      |
| `object`         | `object`     |

## Limitations & Troubleshooting

<details>
<summary>
Expand to see details about Slack connector limitations and troubleshooting.
</summary>

### Connector limitations

#### Rate limiting

Slack has [rate limit restrictions](https://api.slack.com/docs/rate-limits).

### Troubleshooting

- Check out common troubleshooting issues for the Slack source connector on our Airbyte Forum [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions).

</details>

</HideInUI>


## Changelog

<details>
  <summary>Expand to review</summary>

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                              |
|:--------|:-----------| :------------------------------------------------------- |:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.3.2 | 2024-12-14 | [43812](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/43812) | Starting with this version, the Docker image is now rootless. Please note that this and future versions will not be compatible with Airbyte versions earlier than 0.64 |
| 1.3.1 | 2024-07-24 | [42485](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/42485) | Fix MRO error for `IncrementalMessageStream` |
| 1.3.0 | 2024-07-17 | [41994](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41994) | Migrate to CDK v3.5.1 |
| 1.2.0 | 2024-07-16 | [41970](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41970) | Migrate to CDK v2.4.0 |
| 1.1.13 | 2024-07-13 | [41863](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41863) | Update dependencies |
| 1.1.12 | 2024-07-10 | [41485](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41485) | Update dependencies |
| 1.1.11 | 2024-07-09 | [41231](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/41231) | Update dependencies |
| 1.1.10 | 2024-07-06 | [40839](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40839) | Update dependencies |
| 1.1.9 | 2024-06-25 | [40347](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40347) | Update dependencies |
| 1.1.8 | 2024-06-22 | [40166](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/40166) | Update dependencies |
| 1.1.7 | 2025-06-14 | [39343](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39343) | Update state handling for `threads` Python stream |
| 1.1.6   | 2024-06-12 | [39132](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39416) | Respect `include_private_channels` option in `threads` stream                        |
| 1.1.5   | 2024-06-10 | [39132](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39132) | Convert string state to float for `threads` stream                                   |
| 1.1.4   | 2024-06-06 | [39271](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39271) | [autopull] Upgrade base image to v1.2.2                                              |
| 1.1.3   | 2024-06-05 | [39121](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/39121) | Change cursor format for `channel_messages` stream to `%s_as_float`                  |
| 1.1.2   | 2024-05-23 | [38619](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/38619) | Fix cursor granularity for the `channel_messages` stream                             |
| 1.1.1   | 2024-05-02 | [36661](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36661) | Schema descriptions                                                                  |
| 1.1.0   | 2024-04-18 | [37332](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/37332) | Add the capability to sync from private channels                                     |
| 1.0.0   | 2024-04-02 | [35477](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35477) | Migration to low-code CDK                                                            |
| 0.4.1   | 2024-03-27 | [36579](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36579) | Upgrade airbyte-cdk version to emit record counts as floats                          |
| 0.4.0   | 2024-03-19 | [36267](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/36267) | Pin airbyte-cdk version to `^0`                                                      |
| 0.3.9   | 2024-02-12 | [35157](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35157) | Manage dependencies with Poetry                                                      |
| 0.3.8   | 2024-02-09 | [35131](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/35131) | Fixed the issue when `schema discovery` fails with `502` due to the platform timeout |
| 0.3.7   | 2024-01-10 | [1234](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/1234) | Prepare for airbyte-lib                                                              |
| 0.3.6   | 2023-11-21 | [32707](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/32707) | Threads: do not use client-side record filtering                                     |
| 0.3.5   | 2023-10-19 | [31599](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/31599) | Base image migration: remove Dockerfile and use the python-connector-base image      |
| 0.3.4   | 2023-10-06 | [31134](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/31134) | Update CDK and remove non iterable return from records                               |
| 0.3.3   | 2023-09-28 | [30580](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30580) | Add `bot_id` field to threads schema                                                 |
| 0.3.2   | 2023-09-20 | [30613](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30613) | Set default value for channel_filters during discover                                |
| 0.3.1   | 2023-09-19 | [30570](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30570) | Use default availability strategy                                                    |
| 0.3.0   | 2023-09-18 | [30521](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30521) | Add unexpected fields to streams `channel_messages`, `channels`, `threads`, `users`  |
| 0.2.0   | 2023-05-24 | [26497](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/26497) | Fixed `lookback window` value limitations                                            |
| 0.1.26  | 2023-05-17 | [26186](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/26186) | Limited the `lookback window` range for input configuration                          |
| 0.1.25  | 2023-03-20 | [22889](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22889) | Specified date formatting in specification                                           |
| 0.1.24  | 2023-03-20 | [24126](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/24126) | Increase page size to 1000                                                           |
| 0.1.23  | 2023-02-21 | [21907](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21907) | Do not join channels that not gonna be synced                                        |
| 0.1.22  | 2023-01-27 | [22022](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22022) | Set `AvailabilityStrategy` for streams explicitly to `None`                          |
| 0.1.21  | 2023-01-12 | [21321](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/21321) | Retry Timeout error                                                                  |
| 0.1.20  | 2022-12-21 | [20767](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/20767) | Update schema                                                                        |
| 0.1.19  | 2022-12-01 | [19970](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/19970) | Remove OAuth2.0 broken `refresh_token` support                                       |
| 0.1.18  | 2022-09-28 | [17315](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/17315) | Always install latest version of Airbyte CDK                                         |
| 0.1.17  | 2022-08-28 | [16085](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/16085) | Increase unit test coverage                                                          |
| 0.1.16  | 2022-08-28 | [16050](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/16050) | Fix SATs                                                                             |
| 0.1.15  | 2022-03-31 | [11613](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/11613) | Add 'channel_filter' config and improve performance                                  |
| 0.1.14  | 2022-01-26 | [9575](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/9575) | Correct schema                                                                       |
| 0.1.13  | 2021-11-08 | [7499](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7499) | Remove base-python dependencies                                                      |
| 0.1.12  | 2021-10-07 | [6570](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/6570) | Implement OAuth support with OAuth authenticator                                     |
| 0.1.11  | 2021-08-27 | [5830](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5830) | Fix sync operations hang forever issue                                               |
| 0.1.10  | 2021-08-27 | [5697](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/5697) | Fix max retries issue                                                                |
| 0.1.9   | 2021-07-20 | [4860](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/4860) | Fix reading threads issue                                                            |
| 0.1.8   | 2021-07-14 | [4683](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/4683) | Add float_ts primary key                                                             |
| 0.1.7   | 2021-06-25 | [3978](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/3978) | Release Slack CDK Connector                                                          |

</details>
